Walk them back.
There's two other data types that we want to talk about in rattus and they're called assets and sorted
sets.
And sets and arrests are an ordered collection of strings.
And that's why we have two types.
We have sorted sets which are ordered and ordered which are sets and with sets.
It's possible to add remove and test for existing members in a group and you might be thinking sets
kind of sounds like lists but the one major difference with sets is that you have this desirable property
of not allowing repeated values or members so adding the same element multiple times.
It's actually not going to work or it's just going to give you a single copy of that element in the
database.
And this is a really really nice property to have.
We make sure that we don't have any duplicates in our lives.
Let's tryall some commands to see how we can add sets again unordered collections of strings.
We simply say as add four sets.
And we give it a key.
So let's say our set and we'll say that we want to add a collection of numbers.
Let's go with 1 2 3 4 5 and we just added some elements to our assets.
Now I can say as members and give it the key our set and we get the members of whatever our set is.
Now if I do ask add our Sat 2 3 or just to add 1 2 3 4 I get integers 0.
And if I do as members are set
I still get the original want 2 3 4 5 again because this has already existed.
We've already created our set right up here.
Another nice feature of sets is I can run the command S is member.
And now with is member I can say are set and is 5 a member of our set.
Yep I get one but if I say if 20 is a member of my set and no I get zero means it's not a member of
the hour set value or our set key now.
There's also such thing as sorted sets.
Now red is sort of sets up just like sets do the no repeating collection of strings that we've already
demonstrated.
But the difference is that every member of a sort a set is associated with a score and this score allows
it to be ordered from smallest to greatest.
So let's have a look at how this works.
I do sort of sense by saying Ziyad instead of Assad
I can add different things let's say that sort set.
It's going to be team.
We'll give it a number we'll say team has 50 members.
All cissé Wizards.
Now let's say that the next team which is now Weezer's will be the
Lears groups the Samenow and do.
And this team has 40 members.
I can now access this by saying Z range and this Z range.
I'll give it the team keep from 0 to 1 and you see that now I have the range.
However it's ordered even though I've inserted Wizards first into the sorted sets.
The Cavaliers appear first because the team number is lower with Cavalier's remember it goes from lower
to higher.
So if I add a nother team let's say that he only has one and there are going to be called
let's say ballz.
I can now say zero.
And we want to grab all three.
And I have ballz Cavalier's and wizards all sorted and there's other useful commands that we can use
or we can say Z rank for example and we can find out what the team Wizards rank is and we get that their
rank is too.
Again it's not three because the order sosh from 0 7 0 1 to all right there's plenty other commands
that you can learn with retests and they're really easy to follow just with your documentation.
However you should have a good idea of why you'd want to use Retz if you want a fast data base that
scales really really well.
If we have a lot of users but also helps us out that we want to store the data types that it supports
like the ones that we have.
Well Rukun do some really neat things with it.
And like I said we're going to be using rattus to manage our sessions in the sessions and JWT section
of the course.
Now that we have a good understanding of rattus go try out some of these commands.
Play around with it.
It's a lot of fun and I'll see in the next video by.